Ron:「Some lesson, though, eh? Fred and George were right, weren’t they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, doesn’t he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that spider just died, just snuffed it right — But Ron fell suddenly silent at the look on Harry’s face and didn’t speak again until they reached the Great Hall, when he said he supposed they had better make a start on Professor Trelawney’s predictions tonight, since they would take hours.」
:Hermione ate furiously fast, left for the library again
Harry:「Wouldn’t Moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with the Ministry if they knew we’d seen the curses? Yeah, probably. But Dumbledore’s always done things his way, hasn’t he, and Moody’s been getting in trouble for years, I reckon. Attacks first and asks questions later — look at his dustbins. Balderdash. Shall we get our Divination stuff, then? I s’pose. You all right, Neville? Oh yes, I’m fine, thanks. Just reading this book Professor Moody lent me. . . . Apparently, Professor Sprout told Professor Moody I’m really good at Herbology, Neville said. There was a faint note of pride in his voice that Harry had rarely heard there before. He thought I’d like this. I haven’t got a clue what this lot’s supposed to mean, he said, staring down at a long list of calculations. You know, I think it’s back to the old Divination standby. What — make it up? Yeah, said Ron, sweeping the jumble of scrawled notes off the table, dipping his pen into some ink, and starting to write. Next Monday, he said as he scribbled, I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter. He looked up at Harry. You know her — just put in loads of misery, she’ll lap it up. Right, said Harry, crumpling up his first attempt and lobbing it over the heads of a group of chattering first years into the fire. Okay . . . on Monday, I will be in danger of — er — burns. Yeah, you will be, said Ron darkly, we’re seeing the skrewts again on Monday. Okay, Tuesday, I’ll . . . erm . . . Lose a treasured possession, said Harry, who was flicking through Unfogging the Future for ideas. Good one, said Ron, copying it down. Because of . . . erm . . . Mercury. Why don’t you get stabbed in the back by someone you thought was a friend? Yeah . . . cool . . . said Harry, scribbling it down, because . . . Venus is in the twelfth house. And on Wednesday, I think I’ll come off worst in a fight.」
