Dobby:「Sir is very kind! he squeaked, his eyes brimming with tears again, bowing deeply to Ron. Dobby knew sir must be a great wizard, for he is Harry Potter’s greatest friend, but Dobby did not know that he was also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless — They’re only socks, said Ron, who had gone slightly pink around the ears, though he looked rather pleased all the same. Wow, Harry — He had just opened Harry’s present, a Chudley Cannon hat. Cool! He jammed it onto his head, where it clashed horribly with his hair. Dobby now handed Harry a small package, which turned out to be — socks. Dobby is making them himself, sir! the elf said happily. He is buying the wool out of his wages, sir! The left sock was bright red and had a pattern of broomsticks upon it; the right sock was green with a pattern of Snitches. They’re . . . they’re really . . . well, thanks, Dobby, said Harry, and he pulled them on, causing Dobby’s eyes to leak with happiness again. Dobby must go now, sir, we is already making Christmas dinner in the kitchens! said Dobby, and he hurried out of the dormitory, waving good-bye to Ron and the others as he passed.」
Harry:「Harry’s other presents were much more satisfactory than Dobby’s odd socks — with the obvious exception of the Dursleys’, which consisted of a single tissue, an all-time low — Harry supposed they too were remembering the Ton-Tongue Toffee. Hermione had given Harry a book called Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs; Sirius, a handy penknife with attachments to unlock any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a vast box of sweets including all Harry’s favorites: Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbees. There was also, of course, Mrs. Weasley’s usual package, including a new sweater (green, with a picture of a dragon on it — Harry supposed Charlie had told her all about the Horntail), and a large quantity of homemade mince pies. Harry and Ron met up with Hermione in the common room, and they went down to breakfast together. They spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone was enjoying their presents, then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas puddings, and large piles of Cribbage’s Wizarding Crackers. They went out onto the grounds in the afternoon; the snow was untouched except for the deep channels made by the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students on their way up to the castle. Hermione chose to watch Harry and the Weasleys’ snowball fight rather than join in, and at five o’clock said she was going back upstairs to get ready for the ball.」
