Dobby:「Winky is still drinking lots, sir. She still does not care for clothes, Harry Potter. Nor do the other house-elves. None of them will clean Gryffindor Tower anymore, not with the hats and socks hidden everywhere, they finds them insulting, sir. Dobby does it all himself, sir, but Dobby does not mind, sir, for he always hopes to meet Harry Potter and tonight, sir, he has got his wish! But Harry Potter does not seem happy, Dobby went on, straightening up again and looking timidly at Harry. Dobby heard him muttering in his sleep. Was Harry Potter having bad dreams? Not really bad, said Harry, yawning and rubbing his eyes. I’ve had worse. The elf surveyed Harry out of his vast, orblike eyes. Then he said very seriously, his ears drooping, Dobby wishes he could help Harry Potter, for Harry Potter set Dobby free and Dobby is much, much happier now . . . You can’t help me, Dobby, but thanks for the offer . . . He bent and picked up his Potions book. He’d have to try and finish the essay tomorrow. He closed the book and as he did so the firelight illuminated the thin white scars on the back of his hand — the result of his detention with Umbridge. Wait a moment — there is something you can do for me, Dobby, said Harry slowly. The elf looked around, beaming. Name it, Harry Potter, sir! I need to find a place where twenty-eight people can practice Defense Against the Dark Arts without being discovered by any of the teachers. Especially, Harry clenched his hand on the book, so that the scars shone pearly white, Professor Umbridge. He expected the elf’s smile to vanish, his ears to droop; he expected him to say that this was impossible, or else that he would try, but his hopes were not high. . . . What he had not expected was for Dobby to give a little skip, his ears waggling happily, and clap his hands together. Dobby knows the perfect place, sir! he said happily. Dobby heard tell of it from the other house-elves when he came to Hogwarts, sir. It is known by us as the Come and Go Room, sir, or else as the Room of Requirement! Why? said Harry curiously. Because it is a room that a person can only enter, said Dobby seriously, when they have real need of it. Sometimes it is there, and sometimes it is not, but when it appears, it is always equipped for the seeker’s needs. Dobby has used it, sir, said the elf, dropping his voice and looking guilty, when Winky has been very drunk. He has hidden her in the Room of Requirement and he has found antidotes to butterbeer there, and a nice elf-sized bed to settle her on while she sleeps it off, sir. . . . And Dobby knows Mr. Filch has found extra cleaning materials there when he has run short, sir, and — — and if you really needed a bathroom, said Harry, suddenly remembering something Dumbledore had said at the Yule Ball the previous Christmas, would it fill itself with chamber pots? Dobby expects so, sir, said Dobby, nodding earnestly. It is a most amazing room, sir. How many people know about it? said Harry, sitting up straighter in his chair. Very few, sir. Mostly people stumbles across it when they needs it, sir, but often they never finds it again, for they do not know that it is always there waiting to be called into service, sir. It sounds brilliant, said Harry, his heart racing. It sounds perfect, Dobby. When can you show me where it is? Anytime, Harry Potter, sir, said Dobby, looking delighted at Harry’s enthusiasm. We could go now, if you like! For a moment Harry was tempted to go now; he was halfway out of his seat, intending to hurry upstairs for his Invisibility Cloak when, not for the first time, a voice very much like Hermione’s whispered in his ear: reckless. It was, after all, very late, and he was exhausted.」
Harry:「Not tonight, Dobby. This is really important. . . . I don’t want to blow it, it’ll need proper planning. . . . Listen, can you just tell me exactly where this Room of Requirement is and how to get in there?」
