Hermione:「In twos and threes the new arrivals settled around Harry, Ron, and Hermione, some looking rather excited, others curious, Luna Lovegood gazing dreamily into space. When everybody had pulled up a chair, the chatter died out. Every eye was upon Harry. Er, Well — er — hi. Well . . . erm . . . well, you know why you’re here. Erm . . . well, Harry here had the idea — I mean I had the idea — that it might be good if people who wanted to study Defense Against the Dark Arts — and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is doing with us — (Hermione’s voice became suddenly much stronger and more confident) — because nobody could call that Defense Against the Dark Arts — Hear, hear, well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into our own hands. And by that I mean learning how to defend ourselves properly, not just theory but the real spells — You want to pass your Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L. too though, I bet? Of course I do. But I want more than that, I want to be properly trained in Defense because . . . because . . . Because Lord Voldemort’s back. If you want to join us, we need to decide how we’re going to — That’s really not what this meeting was supposed to be about — It’s okay, Hermione. What makes me say You-Know-Who’s back? I saw him. But Dumbledore told the whole school what happened last year, and if you didn’t believe him, you don’t believe me, and I’m not wasting an afternoon trying to convince anyone. If you’ve come to hear exactly what it looks like when Voldemort murders someone I can’t help you, I don’t want to talk about Cedric Diggory, all right? So if that’s what you’re here for, you might as well clear out.」
Harry:「Er, Well — er — hi. Well . . . erm . . . well, you know why you’re here. Erm . . . well, Harry here had the idea — I mean I had the idea — that it might be good if people who wanted to study Defense Against the Dark Arts — and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is doing with us — (Hermione’s voice became suddenly much stronger and more confident) — because nobody could call that Defense Against the Dark Arts — Hear, hear, well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into our own hands. And by that I mean learning how to defend ourselves properly, not just theory but the real spells — You want to pass your Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L. too though, I bet? Of course I do. But I want more than that, I want to be properly trained in Defense because . . . because . . . Because Lord Voldemort’s back. If you want to join us, we need to decide how we’re going to — That’s really not what this meeting was supposed to be about — It’s okay, Hermione. What makes me say You-Know-Who’s back? I saw him. But Dumbledore told the whole school what happened last year, and if you didn’t believe him, you don’t believe me, and I’m not wasting an afternoon trying to convince anyone. If you’ve come to hear exactly what it looks like when Voldemort murders someone I can’t help you, I don’t want to talk about Cedric Diggory, all right? So if that’s what you’re here for, you might as well clear out.」
