Hermione:「Three Horcruxes left, we need a plan of action, come on! Where haven’t we looked? Let’s go through it again. The orphanage . . . Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, Ron and Hermione raked over them again, Harry joining in only to stop Hermione pestering him. He would have been happy to sit alone in silence, trying to read Voldemort’s thoughts, to find out more about the Elder Wand, but Ron insisted on journeying to ever more unlikely places simply, Harry was aware, to keep them moving. You never know, was Ron’s constant refrain. Upper Flagley is a Wizarding village, he might’ve wanted to live there. Let’s go and have a poke around.」
Ron:「Some of them are supposed to be as bad as Death Eaters. The lot that got me were a bit pathetic, but Bill reckons some of them are really dangerous. They said on Potterwatch — On what? said Harry. Potterwatch, didn’t I tell you that’s what it was called? The program I keep trying to get on the radio, the only one that tells the truth about what’s going on! Nearly all the programs are following You-Know-Who’s line, all except Potterwatch. I really want you to hear it, but it’s tricky tuning in. . . . They’re normally something to do with the Order, he told them. Bill had a real knack for guessing them. I’m bound to get one in the end. . . . But not until March did luck favor Ron at last. Harry was sitting in the tent entrance, on guard duty, staring idly at a clump of grape hyacinths that had forced their way through the chilly ground, when Ron shouted excitedly from inside the tent. I’ve got it, I’ve got it! Password was ‘Albus’! Get in here, Harry! Roused for the first time in days from his contemplation of the Deathly Hallows, Harry hurried back inside the tent to find Ron and Hermione kneeling on the floor beside the little radio. Hermione, who had been polishing the sword of Gryffindor just for something to do, was sitting open-mouthed, staring at the tiny speaker, from which a most familiar voice was issuing. . . . apologize for our temporary absence from the airwaves, which was due to a number of house calls in our area by those charming Death Eaters. But that’s Lee Jordan! said Hermione. I know! beamed Ron. Cool, eh? . . . now found ourselves another secure location, Lee was saying, and I’m pleased to tell you that two of our regular contributors have joined me here this evening. Evening, boys! Hi. Evening, River. ‘River,’ that’s Lee, Ron explained. They’ve all got code names, but you can usually tell — Shh! said Hermione. But before we hear from Royal and Romulus, Lee went on, let’s take a moment to report those deaths that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily Prophet don’t think important enough to mention. It is with great regret that we inform our listeners of the murders of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell.」
