Hagrid:「“All right, Hagrid!” said Ron. “S’pose you want to hear about Saturday night, do you?” “I’ve already heard all abou’ it,” said Hagrid, opening the front doors and leading them outside. “Oh,” said Ron, looking slightly put out. The first thing they saw on entering Hagrid’s cabin was Buckbeak, who was stretched out on top of Hagrid’s patchwork quilt, his enormous wings folded tight to his body, enjoying a large plate of dead ferrets. Averting his eyes from this unpleasant sight, Harry saw a gigantic, hairy brown suit and a very horrible yellow-and-orange tie hanging from the top of Hagrid’s wardrobe door. “What are they for, Hagrid?” said Harry. “Buckbeak’s case against the Committee fer the Disposal o’ Dangerous Creatures,” said Hagrid. “This Friday. Him an’ me’ll be goin’ down ter London together. I’ve booked two beds on the Knight Bus. . . .” Hagrid poured them tea and offered them a plate of Bath buns, but they knew better than to accept; they had had too much experience with Hagrid’s cooking. “I got somethin’ ter discuss with you two,” said Hagrid, sitting himself between them and looking uncharacteristically serious. “What?” said Harry. “Hermione,” said Hagrid. “What about her?” said Ron. “She’s in a righ’ state, that’s what. She’s bin comin’ down ter visit me a lot since Chris’mas. Bin feelin’ lonely. Firs’ yeh weren’ talking to her because o’ the Firebolt, now yer not talkin’ to her because her cat —” “— ate Scabbers!” Ron interjected angrily. “Because her cat acted like all cats do,” Hagrid continued doggedly. “She’s cried a fair few times, yeh know. Goin’ through a rough time at the moment. Bitten off more’n she can chew, if yeh ask me, all the work she’s tryin’ ter do. Still found time ter help me with Buckbeak’s case, mind. . . . She’s found some really good stuff fer me . . . reckon he’ll stand a good chance now. . . .” “Hagrid, we should’ve helped as well — sorry —” Harry began awkwardly. “I’m not blamin’ yeh!” said Hagrid, waving Harry’s apology aside. “Gawd knows yeh’ve had enough ter be gettin’ on with. I’ve seen yeh practicin’ Quidditch ev’ry hour o’ the day an’ night — but I gotta tell yeh, I thought you two’d value yer friend more’n broomsticks or rats. Tha’s all.” Harry and Ron exchanged uncomfortable looks. “Really upset, she was, when Black nearly stabbed yeh, Ron. She’s got her heart in the right place, Hermione has, an’ you two not talkin’ to her —”」
Ron:「If she’d just get rid of that cat, I’d speak to her again! But she’s still sticking up for it! It’s a maniac, and she won’t hear a word against it!」
