'''Scene''':「[[Apartment 4B]]」
Penny:「Okay, here you go, Leonard, one tequila sunrise.」
Leonard:「Thank you. This drink is a wonderful example of how liquids with different specific gravities interact in a cylindrical container. Thank you.」
Penny:「Okay, Raj, what'll it be? ''(Raj whispers in Leonard’s ear.)''」
Leonard:「Whatever you recommend.」
Penny:「Uh, how about a grasshopper. I make a mean grasshopper. Okay? Good. Coming up. Sheldon, what are you going to have?」
Sheldon:「I'll have a diet coke.」
Penny:「Okay, can you please order a cocktail, I need to practice mixing drinks.」
Sheldon:「Fine. I'll have a virgin Cuba libre.」
Penny:「That's, um, rum and coke without the rum.」
Sheldon:「Yes,」
Penny:「So coke.」
Sheldon:「Yes. And would you make it diet?」
Penny:「There's a can in the fridge.」
Sheldon:「A Cuba libre traditionally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge.」
Penny:「Then swim to Cuba.」
Sheldon:「Bartenders are supposed to have people skills.」
Penny:「Okay, Raj, here you go. Alright, who's next?」
Howard:「I'd like to try a slippery nipple.」
Penny:「Okay, you're cut off. Anybody need a refill?」
Raj:「Where did my life go, Penny? One day I'm a carefree bachelor, and the next I'm married and driving a minivan to peewee cricket matches in suburban New Delhi.」
Penny:「A... are you talking to me?」
Raj:「Is there another Penny here? I had such plans. I had dreams. I was going to be the Indira Gandhi of particle astro-physics. But with a penis, of course.」
Leonard:「It's amazing.」
Raj:「Ever since I was a little boy my father wanted me to be a gynaecologist like him. How can I be a gynaecologist, I can barely look a woman in the eye. You know what, I'm not going to let my parents control my future any longer, it's time for a showdown. Somebody give me a computer with a webcam.」
Penny:「Okay, sweetie, I think that's the grasshopper talking.」
Raj:「And it's about to tell my parents that I'm not riding an elephant down the aisle with Lalita Gupta.」
Penny:「Okay, calm down, no-one can make you get married. Why don't you just meet this girl and, see what happens.」
Raj:「Haven't you been listening to me, I cannot talk to women.」
Leonard:「Um... Raj.」
Howard:「No, no, let's see how long it takes him.」
Penny:「Um, Raj, honey, you say you can't talk to women but... you've been talking to me.」
Sheldon:「And now we'll never know.」
Raj:「You're right. I... I am talking to you. Hello Penny, how are you?」
Penny:「I'm fine.」
Raj:「Okay, now I just need to make sure I have a Lalita before I meet the grasshopper. It's a sweet green miracle.」
Penny:「Okay, if you're going to drink on this date just promise me you won't overdo it.」
Raj:「Overdo what? Happiness? Freedom? This warm glow inside of me that promises everything is going to be all hunky donkey?」
Penny:「Yeah, that. Uh, why don't you bring her to my restaurant when I'm tending the bar so I can keep an eye on you?」
