Sheldon:「I resent you saying we don't have company.」
Leonard:「I'm sorry.」
Sheldon:「That is an antisocial implication.」
Leonard:「I said I'm sorry.」
Penny:「So, Klingon boggle?」
Leonard:「Yeah, it's like regular boggle, but in Klingon. That's probably enough about us, tell us about you.」
Penny:「Um, me, okay, I'm Sagittarius, which probably tells you way more than you need to know.」
Sheldon:「Yes, it tells us that you participate in the mass cultural delusion that the Sun's apparent position relative to arbitrarily defined constellations and the time of your birth somehow effects your personality.」
Penny:「Participate in the what?」
Leonard:「I think what Sheldon's trying to say, is that Sagittarius wouldn't have been our first guess.」
Penny:「Oh, yeah, a lot of people think I'm a water sign. Okay, let's see, what else, oh, I'm a vegetarian, oh, except for fish, and the occasional steak, I love steak.」
Sheldon:「That's interesting. Leonard can't process corn.」
Leonard:「Wu-uh, do you have some sort of a job?」
Penny:「Oh, yeah, I'm a waitress at [[the Cheesecake Factory]].」
Leonard:「Oh, okay. I love cheesecake.」
Sheldon:「You're lactose intolerant.」
Leonard:「I don't eat it, I just think it's a good idea.」
Penny:「Oh, anyways, I'm also writing a screenplay. It's about this sensitive girl who comes to L.A. from Lincoln Nebraska to be an actress, and winds up a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.」
Leonard:「So it's based on your life?」
Penny:「No, I'm from Omaha.」
Leonard:「Well, if that was a movie I would go see it.」
Penny:「I know, right? Okay, let's see, what else? Um, that's about it. That's the story of Penny.」
Leonard:「Well it sounds wonderful.」
Penny:「It was. Until I fell in love with a jerk.」
Sheldon:「''(Mouths) ''What's happening.」
Leonard:「''(Mouths back) ''I don't know.」
Penny:「Oh God, you know, four years I lived with him, four years, that's like as long as High School.」
Sheldon:「It took you four years to get through High School?」
Leonard:「Don't.」
Penny:「I just, I can't believe I trusted him.」
Leonard:「Should I say something? I feel like I should say something.」
Sheldon:「You? No, you'll only make it worse.」
Penny:「You want to know the most pathetic part? Even though I hate his lying, cheating guts, I still love him. Is that crazy?」
Sheldon:「Yes.」
Leonard:「No, it's not crazy it's, uh, uh, it's a paradox. And paradoxes are part of nature, think about light. Now if you look at Huygens, light is a wave, as confirmed by the double slit experiments, but then, along comes Albert Einstein and discovers that light behaves like particles too. Well, I didn't make it worse.」
Penny:「Oh, I'm so sorry, I'm such a mess, and on top of everything else I'm all gross from moving and my stupid shower doesn't even work.」
Leonard:「Our shower works.」
Penny:「Really? Would it be totally weird if I used it?」
