'''Scene''':「''[[Apartment 4B]]. Penny is eating ice cream from the tub.''」
Leonard:「''(Knocking and entering)'' Hey, listen, I know you said that you didn't want to talk...」
Penny:「I don't.」
Leonard:「''(Leaving)'' Sorry.」
Penny:「Wait.」
Leonard:「Wait, did you say wait?」
Penny:「Tell me the truth. Am I just an idiot who picks giant losers?」
Leonard:「No. No.」
Penny:「Okay, so I pick good guys, but turn them into losers.」
Leonard:「Of course not.」
Penny:「Well, it's got to be one or the other, which is it?」
Leonard:「I'm sorry, what were the choices again?」
Penny:「I really thought Mike was different, I thought he was sensitive and smart. I mean, not you smart, normal non-freaky smart.」
Leonard:「Yeah, no, sure.」
Penny:「You know, and then he just goes and has to humiliate me by writing about me on his blog so the entire world can read it.」
Leonard:「Actually it's not all that easy to find.」
Penny:「Yeah, really, well my friends at work found it, my sister found it, judging by my email a number of prisoners at the Michigan State Penitentiary found it.」
Leonard:「Okay, well, what exactly did this guy write, not that I need to know the details of your sex life, I just thought.... never mind.」
Penny:「Nope, you know what, you might as well read it, everybody else has, go ahead. Oh God, I just feel so betrayed and embarrassed. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.」
Leonard:「Okay, well, you know, this isn't that bad. It just paints the picture of a very affectionate woman who's open to expressing her affection in non traditional locales.」
Penny:「Oh God!」
Leonard:「Elevators, parks, movie theaters, out of curiosity, is this subway the transportation system or subway the sandwich shop?」
Penny:「Sandwich shop.」
Leonard:「Doesn't that violate the health code?」
Penny:「No, at the sub shop we were only making out.」
Leonard:「Huh. Okay. But my point is that you have absolutely no reason to be embarrassed.」
Penny:「Really, do you think I overreacted?」
Leonard:「Maybe a little.」
Penny:「‘Cause I do that, I do overreact. Maybe I should call Mike and apologize.」
Leonard:「No. No, no, that, that would be underreacting. He did break the implied confidentiality of the bedroom and, in your case, the elevator, parks, and fast food franchise.」
Penny:「Yes. You're right. I should just say I'm done with him.」
Leonard:「Yes, you should, go ahead, say it.」
Penny:「But I never gave the man a chance to explain.」
Leonard:「What is there to explain, it's all right here, it's a betrayal.」
Penny:「No, you were right the first time, this is a man who loves me, but in his own stupid way he was just trying to show people how he feels.」
Leonard:「I'm pretty sure I never said that.」
Penny:「No, you did better than that, you helped me see it on my own.」
Leonard:「Aw, good for me. Where are you going?」
Penny:「I'm going over to Mike's. Leonard, thank you so much.」
