Sheldon:「I had to sanitize my hands because the university replaced the paper towels in the rest rooms with hot air blowers.」
Penny:「I thought the blowers were more sanitary?」
Leonard and Howard:「Why? Don't!」
Sheldon:「Hot air blowers are incubators and spewers of bacteria and pestilence. Frankly it would be more hygienic if they just had a plague infested gibbon sneeze my hands dry.」
Raj:「Hey guys, I just got the most amazing new... (spots Penny) ew-ew-ew」
Penny:「Gosh, Raj, do you think you'll ever be able to talk in front of me without being drunk? (Shakes head.) Okay, well, I'll just, um, go eat by myself.」
Leonard:「Penny, you don't have to do that.」
Penny:「No, it's okay, between (indicates Raj) him not talking, (indicates Sheldon) him talking and... (indicates Howard) him, I'm better off alone, so, (to Raj) goodbye you poor strange little man (gives him a kiss and exits.)」
Raj:「She's so considerate.」
Howard:「So what's your news?」
Raj:「Remember that little planetary object I spotted beyond the Kuiper belt?」
Leonard:「Oh yeah, two zero zero eight NQ sub seventeen.」
Raj:「Or as I called it, Planet Bollywood. Anyway, because of my discovery, People magazine is naming me one of their thirty under-30 to watch.」
Leonard and Howard together:「Well, wow, that's incredible.」
Sheldon:「Excuse me. Thirty what, under thirty what, to watch what?」
Raj:「Thirty visionaries under thirty years of age to watch as they challenge the preconceptions of their fields.」
Sheldon:「If I had a million guesses I never would have gotten that.」
Raj:「It's pretty cool, they've got me in with a guy who's doing something about hunger in Indonesia, and a psychotherapist who's using dolphins to rehabilitate prisoners, and Ellen Page, star of the charming independent film Juno.」
Howard:「Oh, I'd so do her.」
Leonard:「You'd do the dolphins.」
Howard:「Do I get an honorable mention for designing the telescope camera mounting bracket you used.」
Raj:「Sorry, it's not part of my heartwarming and personal narrative, in which a humble boy from New Delhi overcame poverty and prejudice and journeyed to America to reach for the stars.」
Howard:「Poverty? Your father's a gynaecologist, he drives a Bentley.」
Raj:「It's a lease.」
Sheldon:「I'm confused. Was there some sort of peer review committee to determine which scientists would be included?」
Raj:「Peer review? It's People magazine. People picked me.」
Sheldon:「What people?」
Raj:「The people from People.」
Sheldon:「Yeah, but exactly who are these people? What are their credentials, how are they qualified, what makes accidentally noticing a hunk of rock that's been traipsing around the solar system for billions of years more noteworthy than any other scientific accomplishment made by someone under thirty?」
Raj:「Boy, I bet Ellen Pages friends aren't giving her this kind of crap.」
