Leonard:「No, we can't.」
Howard:「I don't think you mean we can't. I think you mean we shouldn't.」
Sheldon:「Hey, Howard. You're a Jew. If there was another wailing wall, exactly like the one in Jerusalem, but close to taco stands and cheap prescription drugs, would you still be able to wail at it? Okay, it's definitely me.」
Leonard:「Okay, we cannot leave this to chance, lets pick a girl, and figure out how to get her together with Dennis.」
Raj:「Okay. How about that one.」
Howard:「Uh-uh. I know the type, cheerleader, student council, goes out with jocks, won't even look at anybody in the gifted program. And if, after two years of begging, she does agree to go out with you, it turns out to be a set-up and you're in the back seat of your mom's car with your pants off while the whole football team laughs at you.」
Raj:「Are you crying?」
Howard:「No, I have allergies.」
Raj:「Okay, uh, how about her?」
Leonard:「Sure. If he wants to spend a couple of years doing her homework while she drinks herself into a stupor with non-fat White Russians, while you're the one holding her head out of the toilet while she's puking and telling you she wishes more guys were like you, and they she gets into Cornell because you wrote her essay for her, and you drive up to visit her one weekend and she acts like she doesn't even know you.」
Raj:「Okay, so not her either. How about her?」
Howard:「Interesting, kind of pretty, a little chubby so probably low self-esteem.」
Leonard:「I think that's our girl. One of us should go talk to her.」
Raj:「I can't talk to her, you do it.」
Leonard:「I can't just go up and talk to her. Howard, you talk to her.」
Howard:「Oh no, she'll never go for the kid once she gets a peek at this.」
Raj:「You know, if we were in India this would be simpler. Five minutes with her dad, twenty goats and a laptop and we'd be done.」
Leonard:「Well, we’re not in India.」
Raj:「Alright, why don't we do it your way then? We'll arrange for this girl to move in across the hall from Dennis so he can pathetically moon over her for months on end.」
Leonard:「Okay, that was uncalled for.」
Raj:「You started it, dude.」
