''Scene'':「A restaurant.」
Raj:「So anyway, after a fantastic lunch I was whisked off to the People magazine photo shoot... have any of you boys ever been to a photo shoot?」
Leonard:「No.」
Raj:「It's fantastic, apparently the camera loves me and I it. They shot me in front of a starry background where I posed like this. (Stares into space.) They're going to digitally add a supernova, they say it's the perfect metaphor for my incandescent talent.」
Sheldon:「Right, a ball of hot flaming gas that collapses in on itself. (Leonard nudges him. He smiles. Phone rings.)」
Raj:「Excuse me. Oh, it's my assistant Trevor. Go for Koothrappali. Uh-huh.」
Howard:「They gave him an assistant? If I want a new pen I have to go to the bank with wire cutters.」
Sheldon:「Have we at this point met our social obligations?」
Leonard:「Not yet.」
Raj:「Okay, just put it on my calendar but start thinking of a reason why I can't go, alrighty? Koothrappali out. God bless that boy, I don't know what I'd do without him.」
Leonard:「You just got him this afternoon.」
Raj:「Yes, but I'm finding that having a lackey suits me.」
Leonard:「A lackey?」
Raj:「Oh, I'm sorry, is that politically incorrect? In India we just call them untouchables.」
Sheldon:「Now?」
Leonard:「Almost.」
Raj:「Speaking of untouchables, I’ve got great news for you guys. People magazine is having a reception this Saturday, and I managed to get you invited.」
Howard:「Oh, gee, thanks.」
Raj:「Oh, you're welcome. Of course, I couldn't get you into the VIP section, because, you know, that's for VIPs, and you guys are just, you know, Ps.」
Sheldon:「There's a tribe in Papua New Guinea where, when a hunter flaunts his success to the rest of the village they kill him, and drive away evil spirits with a drum made of his skin. Superstitious nonsense of course, but one can see their point. (Smiles)」
Penny:「Here you go, Raj, you might want to drink this one slowly.」
Raj:「Okay, so, Saturday night, can I count on my posse?」
Howard:「Gee, I'd love to Raj, but I can't make it.」
Raj:「Oh, okay, Leonard?」
Leonard:「Well, uh, no I... the... no.」
Raj:「Sheldon?」
Sheldon:「I can make it, but I won't.」
Penny:「What are you guys talking about?」
Raj:「Well, there's a reception for my magazine article on Saturday.」
Penny:「And you guys aren't going? I can't believe you, Raj is celebrating a tremendous accomplishment and you're not even going to be there to support him?」
Sheldon:「A tremendous accomplishment would be if the planetary body he discovered were plummeting toward Earth and he exploded it with his mind.」
Howard:「That would be cool. I'd go to that reception.」
Penny:「Come on, this is huge, Raj is going to be in People magazine. And he didn't even have to knock up one of the Spears sisters.」
Raj:「Would you like to go with me?」
Penny:「Of course I would, I would be honored.」
Raj:「Really? Cool.」
Penny:「Shame on you guys. (Leaves)」
Raj:「Look at that. I got a date with Penny. I can't believe it took you a whole year.」
Sheldon:「Now?」
Leonard:「Now. (They all get up and leave. Raj looks around himself, then leans over to the next table.)」
Raj:「Hey, buddy. I'm going to be in people magazine.」
