Harry:「Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Neither of them seemed to have understood what Xenophilius had said either.」
Narrator:Xenophilius think "The Deathly Hallows? That’s right, You haven’t heard of them? I’m not surprised. Very, very few wizards believe. Witness that knuckleheaded young man at your brother’s wedding, who attacked me for sporting the symbol of a well-known Dark wizard! Such ignorance. There is nothing Dark about the Hallows — at least, not in that crude sense. One simply uses the symbol to reveal oneself to other believers, in the hope that they might help one with the Quest. I assume that you are all familiar with ‘The Tale of the Three Brothers’? Well, well, Mr. Potter, the whole thing starts with ‘The Tale of the Three Brothers’ . . . I have a copy somewhere. . . ."
Hermione:「I’m sorry, I still don’t really understand. But what are the Deathly Hallows? I’ve got a copy, Mr. Lovegood, I’ve got it right here. The original? Well then, why don’t you read it aloud? Much the best way to make sure we all understand. Er . . . all right. ‘There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight —’ In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across. However, these brothers were learned in the magical arts, and so they simply waved their wands and made a bridge appear across the treacherous water. They were halfway across it when they found their path blocked by a hooded figure. And Death spoke to them — Sorry, but Death spoke to them? It’s a fairy tale, Harry! Right, sorry. Go on. And Death spoke to them. He was angry that he had been cheated out of three new victims, for travelers usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. He pretended to congratulate the three brothers upon their magic, and said that each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him. So the oldest brother, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! So Death crossed to an elder tree on the banks of the river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to the oldest brother. Then the second brother, who was an arrogant man, decided that he wanted to humiliate Death still further, and asked for the power to recall others from Death. So Death picked up a stone from the riverbank and gave it to the second brother, and told him that the stone would have the power to bring back the dead.」
