Harry:「And your mum and dad are in on this plan?」
Narrator:Hermione think "There was silence in the room, broken only by gentle thuds as Hermione continued to throw books onto one pile or the other. Ron sat watching her, and Harry looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. The measures they had taken to protect their families made him realize, more than anything else could have done, that they really were going to come with him and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would be. He wanted to tell them what that meant to him, but he simply could not find words important enough. Through the silence came the muffled sounds of Mrs. Weasley shouting from four floors below. Ginny’s probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring. I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding. Fleur’s sister’s a bridesmaid, she needs to be here for the rehearsal, and she’s too young to come on her own. Well, guests aren’t going to help Mum’s stress levels. What we really need to decide is where we’re going after we leave here. I know you said you wanted to go to Godric’s Hollow first, Harry, and I understand why, but . . . well . . . shouldn’t we make the Horcruxes our priority? If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, I’d agree with you. Don’t you think there’s a possibility that Voldemort’s keeping a watch on Godric’s Hollow? He might expect you to go back and visit your parents’ graves once you’re free to go wherever you like? This R.A.B. person, you know, the one who stole the real locket? He said in his note he was going to destroy it, didn’t he? Well, what if he did finish it off? Or she, whichever, it’d be one less for us to do! Yes, but we’re still going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren’t we? to find out whether or not it’s destroyed. And once we get hold of it, how do you destroy a Horcrux? Well, I’ve been researching that. How? I didn’t think there were any books on Horcruxes in the library? There weren’t, Dumbledore removed them all, but he — he didn’t destroy them."
Hermione:「How in the name of Merlin’s pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books?」
