Hermione:「So that’s why they killed him, When Bode tried to steal this weapon, something funny happened to him. I think there must be defensive spells on it, or around it, to stop people from touching it. That’s why he was in St. Mungo’s, his brain had gone all funny and he couldn’t talk. But remember what the Healer told us? He was recovering. And they couldn’t risk him getting better, could they? I mean, the shock of whatever happened when he touched that weapon probably made the Imperius Curse lift. Once he’d got his voice back, he’d explain what he’d been doing, wouldn’t he? They would have known he’d been sent to steal the weapon. Of course, it would have been easy for Lucius Malfoy to put the curse on him. Never out of the Ministry, is he? He was even hanging around that day I had my hearing, In the — hang on . . . He was in the Department of Mysteries corridor that day! Your dad said he was probably trying to sneak down and find out what happened in my hearing, but what if — Sturgis, Sorry? Sturgis Podmore, Arrested for trying to get through a door. Lucius Malfoy got him too. I bet he did it the day you saw him there, Harry. Sturgis had Moody’s Invisibility Cloak, right? So what if he was standing guard by the door, invisible, and Malfoy heard him move, or guessed he was there, or just did the Imperius Curse on the off chance that a guard was there? So when Sturgis next had an opportunity — probably when it was his turn on guard duty again — he tried to get into the department to steal the weapon for Voldemort — Ron, be quiet — but he got caught and sent to Azkaban . . . And now Rookwood’s told Voldemort how to get the weapon? I didn’t hear all the conversation, but that’s what it sounded like, Rookwood used to work there. . . . Maybe Voldemort’ll send Rookwood to do it? But you shouldn’t have seen this at all, Harry. What? You’re supposed to be learning how to close your mind to this sort of thing, I know I am, But — Well, I think we should just try and forget what you saw, And you ought to put in a bit more effort on your Occlumency from now on, The week did not improve as it progressed: Harry received two more D’s in Potions, was still on tenterhooks that Hagrid might get the sack, and could not stop himself from dwelling on the dream in which he had seen Voldemort, though he did not bring it up with Ron and Hermione again because he did not want another telling-off from Hermione. He wished very much that he could have talked to Sirius about it, but that was out of the question, so he tried to push the matter to the back of his mind. Unfortunately, the back of his mind was no longer the secure place it had once been, Get up, Potter, That last memory, What was it? I don’t know, You mean the one where my cousin tried to make me stand in the toilet? No, I mean the one concerning a man kneeling in the middle of a darkened room . . . It’s . . . nothing,」
Snape:「That last memory, What was it?」
