Leonard:「Are you sure?」
Penny:「Look, I grew up on a farm, okay, from what I heard they're either having sex or Howard's caught in a milking machine. Do you mind if I stay here tonight?」
Leonard:「No, take the couch, or my bed, I just got new pillows, hypo-allergenics.」
Penny:「Uh, the couch is good.」
Sheldon:「Hold that thought. Leonard, a moment.」
Leonard:「Let me guess, you have a problem with this?」
Sheldon:「Where do I begin?」
Leonard:「It's up to you, crazy person's choice.」
Sheldon:「Well first, we don't have house guests. Frankly, if I could afford the rent, I'd ask you to leave.」
Leonard:「Your friendship means a lot to me as well. What else?」
Sheldon:「Well, our earthquake supplies, we have a two-man, two day kit.」
Leonard:「So?」
Sheldon:「So, if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here, we could be out of food by tomorrow afternoon.」
Leonard:「I'm sorry, are you suggesting that if we let Penny stay we might succumb to cannibalism?」
Sheldon:「No-one ever thinks it will happen until it does.」
Leonard:「Penny, if you promise not to chew the flesh off our bones while we sleep, you can stay.」
Penny:「Hu... what?」
Sheldon:「He's engaging in ''reductio-ad-absurdum''. It's the logical fallacy of extending someone's argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticizing the result, and I do not appreciate it.」
Leonard:「I'll get you a blanket and a pillow.」
Sheldon:「Okay, well since I'm obviously being ignored here, let's go over the morning schedule, I use the bathroom from 7 to 7:20. Plan your oblutions and bodily functions accordingly.」
Penny:「How am I supposed to plan my bodily functions?」
Sheldon:「I suggest no liquids after 11pm.」
Leonard:「Here you go.」
Penny:「Thanks Leonard. ''(Arranges pillows on left of couch.)''」
Sheldon:「Hmmph, wrong.」
Penny:「I'm listening.」
Sheldon:「Your head goes on the other end.」
Penny:「Why?」
Sheldon:「It's culturally universal. A bed, even a temporary bed, is always oriented with the headboard away from the door. It serves the ancient imperative of protecting oneself against marauders.」
Penny:「I'll risk it.」
Sheldon:「Hm!」
Penny:「Anything else I should know?」
Sheldon:「Yes. If you use my toothbrush, I'll jump out that window. Please don't come to my funeral. Have a good night.」
