Leonard:「So, in conclusion, the data show that at temperatures approaching absolute zero, the moment of inertia changes, and the solid becomes a super-solid, which clearly appears to be a previously unknown state of matter. ''(Applause)'' Thank you. ''(Penny is asleep on Howard’s shoulder. Howard is taking a photograph with his camera phone.)'' Are there any questions?」
Voice:「Yeah. What the hell was that?」
Leonard:「Any other questions?」
Sheldon:「''(Who previously spoke, now removing his hood and dark glasses)'' Doctor Sheldon Cooper here, I am the lead author of this particular paper. ''(No reaction.)'' Thank you. And you, sir, you have completely skipped over the part where I was walking through the park, and I saw these children on a merry-go-round, which started me thinking about the moment of inertia in gasses like helium at temperatures approaching absolute zero.」
Leonard:「I didn't skip it, it's just an anecdote. It's not science.」
Sheldon:「Oh, I see, was the apple falling on Newton's head, was that just an anecdote?」
Leonard:「You are not Isaac Newton.」
Sheldon:「No, no that's true, gravity would have been apparent to me without the apple.」
Leonard:「You cannot possibly be that arrogant.」
Sheldon:「You continue to underestimate me, my good man.」
Leonard:「Look, if you weren't happy with my presentation then maybe you should have given it with me.」
Sheldon:「As I have explained repeatedly, unlike you, I don't need validation from lesser minds. No offence.」
Leonard:「Really, so why did you come?」
Sheldon:「Because I knew you'd screw this up.」
Leonard:「I didn't screw it up.」
Sheldon:「Oh, please. I admit, that spherical chicken joke, that was hilarious. But it was straight downhill from there.」
Leonard:「I’ve had enough of your condescension. Maybe I didn't go to college when I was eleven like you, maybe I got my doctorate at 24 instead of 16, but you are not the only person who is smarter than everyone else in this room. No offense. And I am clearly not the only person who is tormented by insecurity and has an ego in need of constant validation.」
Sheldon:「So you admit that you're an egotist?」
Leonard:「Yes. ''(To audience)'' My name is Dr Leonard Hofstadter, and I could never please my parents so I need to get all my self-esteem from strangers like you. But he's worse.」
Sheldon:「Okay, that is it. ''(Tries to explode brain again.)''」
Leonard:「You cannot blow up my head with your mind.」
Sheldon:「Then I'll settle for an aneurysm.」
Leonard:「''(Knocking his hands down)'' Stop it.」
Sheldon:「You hit me. You saw him, he hit me.」
Leonard:「You were trying to blow up my head.」
Sheldon:「So it was working.」
Leonard:「It wasn't, it was not, you are a nutcase.」
Sheldon:「Oh we'll see about that ''(tries again)'', heads up you people in the front row, this is a splash zone.」
