'''Scene''':「The stairs. Sheldon is playing on his computer at the end of the long extension cord.」
Penny:「Hey, Sheldon.」
Sheldon:「Penny.」
Penny:「Third floor tonight. Mixing it up? ''(Sheldon indicates extension cord.)'' Oh. You know, I still don't understand why you just don't go to dinner or something.」
Sheldon:「Alright, let's say I go to dinner alone. And during the meal I have to use the rest room. How do I know someone's not touching my food?」
Penny:「Goodnight Sheldon.」
Sheldon:「Penny, hold on. Are you sure things can't work out with you and Leonard?」
Penny:「Excuse me?」
Sheldon:「I'm just wondering if you really gave it the old college try? Or in your case the old community college try?」
Penny:「Okay, where is this coming from?」
Sheldon:「Leonard is upstairs right now with my arch enemy.」
Penny:「Your arch enemy?」
Sheldon:「Yes, the Doctor Doom to my Mr Fantastic. The Doctor Octopus to my Spiderman. The Doctor Sivana to my Captain Marvel.」
Penny:「Okay, I get it, I get it, I get it.」
Sheldon:「Do you know, it's amazing how many supervillains have advanced degrees. Graduate school should probably do a better job of screening those people out.」
Penny:「Sheldon, come back, you're losing me.」
Sheldon:「Leslie Winkle, Penny. She belittles my research.」
Penny:「Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry.」
Sheldon:「She called me dumbass.」
Penny:「I know. I heard.」
Sheldon:「Given this situation, I have no choice but to withdraw my previous objections to your ill-considered relationship with Leonard.」
Penny:「Oh, gee, well, thankyou for that. But, um, I think for now Leonard and I are just going to stay friends.」
Sheldon:「No, that response is unacceptable to me.」
Penny:「Sheldon, you are a smart guy, you must know...」
Sheldon:「Smart? I'd have to lose 60 IQ points to be classified as smart.」
Penny:「Are you going to let me talk?」
Sheldon:「I'm sorry.」
Penny:「You must know that if Leonard and Leslie want to be together, nothing you can do is going to stop it.」
Sheldon:「You continue to underestimate my abilities madam.」
Penny:「Okay, let me put it this way, if you're really Leonard's friend you will support him no matter who he wants to be with.」
Sheldon:「Wait a minute, why am I doing all the giving here? If Leonard's really my friend, why doesn't he have to support me in my hatred of Leslie Winkle?」
Penny:「Because love trumps hate.」
Sheldon:「Oh now you're just making stuff up.」
Penny:「Okay. Goodnight Sheldon.」
Sheldon:「Oh Mario. If only I could control everyone the way I control you. Hop, you little plumber, hop, hop, hop.」
