Leonard:「Well, if that was a movie I would go see it.」
Penny:「I know, right? Okay, let's see, what else? Um, that's about it. That's the story of Penny.」
Leonard:「Well it sounds wonderful.」
Penny:「It was. Until I fell in love with a jerk.」
Sheldon:「''(Mouths) ''What's happening.」
Leonard:「''(Mouths back) ''I don't know.」
Penny:「Oh God, you know, four years I lived with him, four years, that's like as long as High School.」
Sheldon:「It took you four years to get through High School?」
Leonard:「Don't.」
Penny:「I just, I can't believe I trusted him.」
Leonard:「Should I say something? I feel like I should say something.」
Sheldon:「You? No, you'll only make it worse.」
Penny:「You want to know the most pathetic part? Even though I hate his lying, cheating guts, I still love him. Is that crazy?」
Sheldon:「Yes.」
Leonard:「No, it's not crazy it's, uh, uh, it's a paradox. And paradoxes are part of nature, think about light. Now if you look at Huygens, light is a wave, as confirmed by the double slit experiments, but then, along comes Albert Einstein and discovers that light behaves like particles too. Well, I didn't make it worse.」
Penny:「Oh, I'm so sorry, I'm such a mess, and on top of everything else I'm all gross from moving and my stupid shower doesn't even work.」
Leonard:「Our shower works.」
Penny:「Really? Would it be totally weird if I used it?」
Sheldon:「Yes.」
Leonard:「No.」
Sheldon:「No?」
Leonard:「No.」
Sheldon:「No.」
Leonard:「It's right down the hall.」
Penny:「Thanks. You guys are really sweet.」
Sheldon:「Well this is an interesting development.」
Leonard:「How so?」
Sheldon:「It has been some time since we’ve had a woman take her clothes off in our apartment.」
Leonard:「That's not true, remember at Thanksgiving my grandmother with Alzheimer's had that episode.」
Sheldon:「Point taken. It has been some time since we’ve had a woman take her clothes off after which we didn't want to rip our eyes out.」
Leonard:「The worst part was watching her carve that turkey.」
Sheldon:「So, what exactly are you trying to accomplish here?」
Leonard:「Excuse me?」
Sheldon:「That woman in there's not going to have sex with you.」
Leonard:「Well I'm not trying to have sex with her.」
Sheldon:「Oh, good. Then you won't be disappointed.」
Leonard:「What makes you think she wouldn't have sex with me, I'm a male and she's a female?」
Sheldon:「Yes, but not of the same species.」
Leonard:「I'm not going to engage in hypotheticals here, I'm just trying to be a good neighbor.」
Sheldon:「Oh, of course.」
Leonard:「That's not to say that if a carnal relationship were to develop that I wouldn't participate. However briefly.」
Sheldon:「Do you think this possibility will be helped or hindered when she discovers your Luke Skywalker no-more-tears shampoo?」
