Lalita:「Yay me!」
Leonard:「''(To Penny)'' You have a drink that’ll make him less obnoxious?」
Penny:「Drinks do not work that way.」
Howard:「I'd say he was doing fine, look at her, last girl my mom set me up with had a moustache and a vestigial tail.」
Sheldon:「Sorry I'm late.」
Leonard:「What happened?」
Sheldon:「Nothing, I just really didn't want to come. Virgin diet Cuba libre please.」
Penny:「Okay.」
Sheldon:「In a tall glass, with a lime wedge.」
Penny:「Oh, I'll wedge it right in there.」
Sheldon:「So, how's Koothrappali d.... oh my Lord.」
Leonard:「What?」
Sheldon:「That's Princess Punchali.」
Leonard:「I'm pretty sure her name's Lalita.」
Sheldon:「No, no, Princess Punchali from The Monkey and the Princess.」
Howard:「Oh, yeah, I tried to watch that online, but they wanted a credit card.」
Sheldon:「It's a children's story.」
Howard:「Oh, no it isn't.」
Sheldon:「When I was a little boy and got sick, which was most of the time, my mother would read it to me. It's about an Indian princess who befriends a monkey, who was mocked by all the other monkeys because he was different. For some reason I related to it quite strongly.」
Penny:「I know the reason.」
Leonard:「We all know the reason. Sheldon, what are you getting at?」
Sheldon:「That woman looks exactly like the pictures of Princess Punchali in the book. How often does one see a beloved fictional character come to life?」
Howard:「Every year at Comic Con. Every day at Disneyland you can hire Snow White to come to your house. Course they prefer it if you have a kid, but...」
Raj:「Hey guys. This is Lalita Gupta, Lalita this is Leonard and Sheldon and Howard and Penny. Isn't it great, she isn't fat any more!」
Sheldon:「Forgive me your highness, for I am but a monkey, and it is in my nature to climb. I did not mean to gaze upon you as you comb your hair.」
Lalita:「I'm sorry?」
Sheldon:「You are the living embodiment of the beautiful Princess Punchali.」
Lalita:「Oh, no kidding? Oh, who is that?」
Sheldon:「A beloved character from an Indian folk tale.」
Lalita:「Oh. Us Indian, or “come to our casino” Indian?」
Sheldon:「You Indian.」
Lalita:「Oh.」
Sheldon:「The resemblance is remarkable. I can practically smell the lotus blossoms woven into your ebony hair.」
Lalita:「Thanks. I imagine you smell very nice too.」
Sheldon:「I shower twice a day and wash my hands as often as I can.」
