Howard:「So you're just going to sit around here and mope while Penny is out with Doctor Apu from the Kwik-e-Mart?」
Leonard:「It's not a date, and that's racist.」
Howard:「It can't be racist, he's a beloved character on the Simpsons.」
Leonard:「Let's just eat so I can get to bed. With any luck tonight will be the night my sleep apnoea kills me.」
Sheldon:「Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced not shredded?」
Leonard:「Yes.」
Sheldon:「Even though the menu description specifies shredded?」
Leonard:「Yes.」
Sheldon:「Brown rice, not white?」
Leonard:「Yes.」
Sheldon:「Did you stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard.」
Leonard:「Yes.」
Sheldon:「Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market?」
Leonard:「Yes.」
Sheldon:「Thank you.」
Leonard:「You're welcome.」
Sheldon:「What took you so long?」
Leonard:「Just sit down and eat.」
Sheldon:「Fine. (Opens carton. Shows it to Leonard in disgust.)」
Leonard:「Alright, it's shredded, what do you want me to do?」
Sheldon:「I want you to check before you accept the order.」
Leonard:「Sorry.」
Sheldon:「Were you distracted by the possibility that Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny tonight?」
Leonard:「He's not going to have intercourse with Penny.」
Sheldon:「Then there's no excuse for this chicken. You know, this situation with Koothrapali brings to mind a story from my childhood.」
Howard:「Oh goody, more tales from the panhandle.」
Sheldon:「That's Northwest Texas, I'm from East Texas, the Gulf region, home to many Vietnamese shrimpers.」
Leonard:「Do the shrimpers feature in your story?」
Sheldon:「No. Anyway, when I was eight, a Montgomery-Ward delivery van ran over our cat, Lucky.」
Howard:「Lucky?」
Sheldon:「Yes, Lucky.」
Leonard:「He's irony impaired, just move on.」
Howard:「Okay, dead cat named Lucky, continue.」
Sheldon:「While others mourned Lucky, I realized his untimely demise provided me with the opportunity to replace him with something more suited to my pet needs. A faithful companion that I could snuggle with at night, and yet would be capable of killing upon telepathic command.」
Howard:「So, not a puppy?」
Sheldon:「Please, no, nothing so pedestrian. I wanted a griffin.」
Leonard:「A griffin?」
Sheldon:「Yes, half eagle, half lion.」
Leonard:「And mythological.」
Sheldon:「Irrelevant. See, I was studying recombinant DNA technology and I was confident I could create one, but my parents were unwilling to secure the necessary eagle eggs and lion semen. Course my sister got swimming lessons when she wanted them.」
Howard:「Sheldon, not that we don't all enjoy a good lion semen story, what's your point.」
Sheldon:「My point is, if Koothrappali is moving on to a new life of shallow, undeserved fame, perhaps this is an opportunity to create a better cohort.」
Leonard:「You want to breed a new friend?」
Sheldon:「That's one option, but who has the time? But consider this, the Japanese, they're doing some wonderful work with artificial intelligence, now, you combine that with some animatronics from the imagineers over at Disney, next thing you know, we’re playing Halo with a multi-lingual Abraham Lincoln.」
Howard:「Sheldon, don't take this the wrong way, but, you're insane.」
Leonard:「That may well be, but the fact is, it wouldn't kill us to meet some new people.」
Sheldon:「Uh, for the record, it could kill us to meet new people. They could be murderers, or the carriers of unusual pathogens, and I'm not insane, my mother had me tested.」
Leonard:「If we do get a new friend, he should be a guy you can trust. A guy who has your back.」
Howard:「And he should have a lot of money, and live in a cool place down by the beach where we could throw parties.」
Sheldon:「He should share our love of technology.」
