Raj:「I am Shiva the destroyer, I will have the woman!」
Howard:「I'm warning you, I was judo champion at math camp.」
Sheldon:「Alright, that's enough juvenile squabbling, stop it, stop it I say. I'm going to settle this right now. Neither of you are good enough for my sister.」
Howard:「Who are you to decide that?」
Leonard:「He's the man of his family, you have to respect his wishes.」
Sheldon:「You're out too, by the way.」
Leonard:「Say what?」
Sheldon:「It's nothing personal, I'd just prefer if my future niece or nephew didn't become flatulent every time they eat an Eskimo pie.」
Howard:「''(To Raj, who is smiling)'' What are you so happy about?」
Raj:「I'm not happy, it's the medication, I can't stop smiling. ''(Waves hand at mouth. It keeps waving.)''」
Sheldon:「Now that Leonard's made me aware of how high the genetic stakes are, we have to face the fact that none of you are suitable mates for my sister.」
Howard:「Wait a minute. Leonard made you aware of that?」
Leonard:「We all make mistakes, let's move on.」
Raj:「Excuse me, but I think you're missing a big opportunity here.」
Sheldon:「How so?」
Raj:「Everybody knows genetic diversity produces the strongest offspring. Why not put a little mocha in the family latte.」
Sheldon:「In principle you have a point, but as a practical matter, need I remind you that it takes experimental pharmaceuticals to simply enable you to speak to the opposite sex.」
Raj:「''(Waving finger at him)'' I think you're focussing entirely too much on the drugs. ''(Finger keeps waving. Leonard has to reach out and stop it.)''」
Howard:「Is it ‘cause I'm Jewish, ‘cause I'd kill my Rabbi with a porkchop to be with your sister.」
Sheldon:「This has nothing to do with religion. This has to do with the fact that you're a tiny, tiny man who still lives with his mother.」
Leonard:「Sheldon, you are really being unreasonable.」
Sheldon:「Am I? Here. Eat this cheese without farting and you can sleep with my sister.」
Missy:「''(Who has just entered)'' Oh really?」
Sheldon:「Oops.」
Missy:「Shelly, can I speak to you for a minute? Alone?」
Sheldon:「Why does everyone suddenly want to talk to me alone? Usually nobody wants to be alone with me.」
