Sheldon:「Fellow warriors, this is Sheldor the Conqueror. We are about to enter Axel's fortress. Now this is a long run, so let's do another bladder check. Alright Barry, we'll wait for you again, but you really should see a doctor. ''(There is banging at the door.)''Sheldor is AFK. ''(Goes out to find Penny having trouble getting into her apartment.)'' Penny, are you experiencing some sort of difficulty?」
Penny:「Yes, I can't get my stupid door open.」
Sheldon:「You appear to have put your car key in the door lock, are you aware of that?」
Penny:「Yeah!」
Sheldon:「Alright then. ''(Turns to return inside. One of the grocery bags Penny is holding falls to the floor spilling groceries.)''」
Penny:「Dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit.」
Sheldon:「Would it be possible for you to do this a little more quietly?」
Penny:「I can't get the damned key out.」
Sheldon:「Well that's not surprising. That Baldwin lock on your door uses traditional edge mounted cylinders, whereas the key for your Volkswagen uses a center cylinder system.」
Penny:「Thank you, Sheldon.」
Sheldon:「You're welcome. Point of inquiry, why did you put your car key in the door lock?」
Penny:「Why? I'll tell you why. Because today I had an audition, it took me two hours to get there, I waited an hour for my turn, and before I could even start they told me I looked too Midwest for the part. Too Midwest? What the hell does that even mean?」
Sheldon:「Well, the American Midwest was mostly settled by Scandinavian and Germanic peoples who, well they have a characteristic facial bone structure....」
Penny:「I know what it means, Sheldon! God, you know, I have been in L.A. for almost two years now, and I haven't got a single acting job, I have accomplished nothing, haven't gotten a raise at work, haven't even had sex in six months, and just now when I was walking up those stairs a fly flew in my mouth and I ate it.」
Sheldon:「Well, actually, insects are a dietary staple in many cultures, they're almost pure protein.」
Penny:「''(Picking up the bag she has just repacked, whereupon the bottom falls out and the groceries fall to the floor again)'' Oh, sonofabitch!」
Sheldon:「I believe the condensation on your frozen foods weakened the structural integrity of the bag. But returning to your key conundrum, perhaps you should call a locksmith and have him open the door for you.」
Penny:「I did, and he said he'll get here when he gets here.」
Sheldon:「And you're frustrated because he phrased his reply in the form of a meaningless tautology?」
Penny:「No! I am frustrated because I am a failure at everything and my breath smells like flies! ''(Bursts into tears.)''」
Sheldon:「There there. ''(Reluctantly)'' Would you prefer to wait in our apartment?」
Penny:「No Sheldon, I'd rather sit on this freezing cold floor sobbing like a three-year-old.」
Sheldon:「Alright then. ''(Turns to go inside again.)''」
Penny:「For God's sake! ''(Stomps into apartment.)''」
Sheldon:「Just when I think I’ve gotten the hang of sarcasm.」
